README.md, before:

 Zoom Attendance App
 Loyiha haqida

**Zoom Attendance App** — bu Zoom darslari yoki yig‘ilishlarida qatnashuvchilarni boshqarish uchun yaratilgan **C# Console Application**. Ushbu loyiha orqali foydalanuvchilarni ko‘rish, qidirish, qo‘shish, o‘chirish va tahlil qilish mumkin.

Loyiha **Clean Architecture** tamoyillariga yaqin holda tashkil etilgan bo‘lib, `Domain`, `Application`, `Infrastructure` qatlamlariga ajratilgan.

---

## Texnologiyalar

* **C# (.NET Console Application)**
* **EPPlus** (Excel bilan ishlash uchun)
* **LINQ**
* **OOP (Encapsulation, Abstraction)**
 Loyiha strukturasi

ZoomAttendanceApp
│
├── Domain
│   └── Models
│       └── ExternalAttendance.cs
│
├── Application
│   └── Services
│       ├── StudentServise.cs
│       ├── AttendanceService.cs
│       └── ExternalAttendanceService.cs
│
├── Infrastructure
│   └── Data
│       └── ExcelContext.cs
│
└── Program.cs

> **Eslatma:** `FullNameWithCode` maydoni masalan: `Eldor Roziyev 1244` — oxirgi raqam **student code** sifatida ishlatiladi.

##  Dasturni ishga tushirish

1. Repozitoriyani clone qiling:
git clone https://github.com/username/ZoomAttendanceApp.git


2. Visual Studio orqali oching
3. `Program.cs` faylini ishga tushiring
4. Konsolda menyu orqali ishlang

##  Muallif

**Eldor**
C# Backend Developer (Junior)

Commit message:

Revise README.md for clarity and language consistency
Updated project overview and technology sections in README.md to provide clearer information in English.

README.md, after:

Zoom Attendance App – Project Overview

Zoom Attendance App is a C# Console Application designed to manage participants in Zoom classes or meetings.
The application allows users to view, search, add, delete, and analyze attendance data.

The project is structured close to Clean Architecture principles and is divided into Domain, Application, and Infrastructure layers.

Technologies

C# (.NET Console Application)

EPPlus (for working with Excel files)

LINQ

OOP principles (Encapsulation, Abstraction)

Project Structure
ZoomAttendanceApp
│
├── Domain
│   └── Models
│       └── ExternalAttendance.cs
│
├── Application
│   └── Services
│       ├── StudentServise.cs
│       ├── AttendanceService.cs
│       └── ExternalAttendanceService.cs
│
├── Infrastructure
│   └── Data
│       └── ExcelContext.cs
│
└── Program.cs

Note

The FullNameWithCode field contains both the full name and the student code.
Example: Eldor Roziyev 1244 — the last number is used as the student code.

How to Run the Application

Clone the repository:

git clone https://github.com/username/ZoomAttendanceApp.git


Open the project in Visual Studio

Run the Program.cs file

Use the console menu to interact with the application

Author

Eldor
C# Backend Developer (Junior)
